Change proposals to RIF Identity Docs (#9)
rsksmart/rif-identity-docs: ssi/specs/credential-requests.markdown

layout: default
---

> ## Verifiable Credential requests protocol - a simple protocol for request, grant and receive verifiable credential case

Reviewer: _Verifiable credential_ or _Verificable Credential_?

Users can build their self-sovereign identity by interacting with different services that grant them verifiable credentials. Both users and services are identified with decentralized identities (DIDs), and can issue and receive verifiable credentials ("credentials"). The credentials are cryptographically signed, this guarantees non repudiation, issuer authenticity, data integrity and allows the holder of the credential to present it to other entities.

> This protocol is held by two entities: the _issuer_ and the _holder_. The issuer is a public entity that issues a specific type of credential, the holder is a user who wishes to acquire that credential and controls the private key associated to a DID. The issuer may require the holder to share specific information. This information can be either data input by the user in a declarative way (declarative details) or other credentials issued by the same issuer or another entity.

Reviewer: Is that necessary? What if he is delegated or was transferred the ownership of an identity. I would say "controls the identity".

Author: @ilanolkies 
If he has a delegated or transferred identity, in both cases he would also be controlling the private key associated to a DID.
In which cases he wouldn't be controlling a private key associated to a DID?

I want to emphasize this to explain it as simple as possible. The concept "control an identity" in the end is controlling the private keys associated to a DID.

What do you think?

Reviewer: What about

```suggestion
This protocol is held by two entities: the _issuer_ and the _holder_. The issuer is a public entity that issues a specific type of credential, the holder is a user who wishes to acquire that credential and controls a certain DID. The issuer may require the holder to share specific information. This information can be either data input by the user in a declarative way (declarative details) or other credentials issued by the same issuer or another entity.
```

- Support DID Document service detection - allow the holder to find the issuer's service endpoint using its DID Document
- Provide a standard API to be implemented by holders

> - Schema discoverability methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Standard method for schema discovery
```
